Hi guys, this is part two of the series
how to install Helix video 0.9.8
using camp UI. Okay, in the previous
part we have installed the campi
protoable and the campi manager. If you
had the event seen, you can go to the
link in the description and see the
previous part to continue in this part.
Okay,
first of all, we have to open the
compui.
Okay, let's go here. Download the the
folder.
When you have the compi proable, run it
like this.
Okay, fine. It's running.
Okay, first thing we want to do is to go
here and download this custom workflow.
This one. Drag it here.
When you drag, we have um no missing no
types open manager.
We have those not this.
Okay. First, we have to install those.
Okay. Fine.
We have to restart. Rest start.
The server is restarting. It takes some
time to compile all of those and
download some files.
Okay, I think it's done. Close this
server
and let's go here. Open new window and
return here to the camp UI.
Reopen it.
Okay, fine. Let's open the manager right
now. Okay, fine. Let's go ahead
one
install signal. We have two those
first one selected install. Second one
install it.
Okay. Start the second one.
You must restart it. Confirm.
Okay. Coffee. Coffee.
Okay. Fine.
Uh now
we have missing some files text encoder
T5 X6
and we have wronged and checkpoint LTX
0.9.
Okay, I think it's fine. Okay, how to
get this file? To get this file is we
have to go here
to website
hugging face mrix elics video free mail
you can get this link in the
description. Okay.
If you have 12 free of v or less can
choose this versions
2 billion version. Okay. I want to
choose this one.
Okay. It is sound like this. Make here
copy down the link.
Go to IDM add link and press download.
I already download. Okay. Press X. Okay.
Second one is the text encoder. Can get
it in this website.
Okay. hacking face blah blah flux texter
and press this file here. Copy download
link
and get add here and download from this
neck. I already downloaded.
Okay, let's move to next step. Copy all
of the files. After downloading doing
this files,
we have to go here.
Close
to the browser and let's go here to my
company UI.
Open your tab.
Make it right here.
Download this. You can get all our files
right here. This file and this.
Go to confi.
Search for modus.
Press M.
This one checkpoints. In this
checkpoints, we have to copy this right
here.
Turn to the market. That is and search
for text encoder.
this one
paste here and let's see it works
somewhat or we have missing some files.
Let's go here,
open it,
and let's see.
Okay, fine.
It's open. Let's go here.
It selected automatically this one.
Okay, choose this one. One click and
choose my two billion file.
Okay, we have some change right here.
Change this one.
Let's behind it.
You can get this prompt or you can find
the prompt for your story or other thing
using the chat GP. Delete this one.
Okay, let's run it and let's see it
works or not.
Okay, it works.
Load clip.
Let's see the task manager and see the
consolation of the VRM.
Go ahead to performance.
Okay, look at the GPU.
It takes around 11 GB
over here.
I think looks done.
One steps to finish.
VI encoder
and video combine. And I have finished.
Okay, this is my video. Thank you guys
for watching this all for this tutorial.
Subscribe for the channel for more
tutorials like this.